Have These are the two devices we are going to show up and they come to us.
So let's say we have an atheist life up which has a range of four meters.
And as you can see I'd say it has to come and the left side has a laser scanner.
So this is able to generate images.
And also it's possible to convert the image into a laser scanner.
So you know how to do that.
EROS Let's have a device which also has a range of four meters and the difference between the two devices
is that it has a sheet of only 60 degrees which is a little bit narrow as compared to the laser scanner
which has a view of 240 degrees.
So of course the performance of the hoax is better in terms of the feel of you loves the obstacles at
a wider range.
But both of them operate at the same maximum distance which is around 4 meters.
Let's see how to connect them to interact with these two devices and how we are able to observe the
changes collected by these two devices.